Welcome to Cinema Summary, ladies and gentlemen
and get ready to log some flight hours, as
one maverick pilot feels the need for speed
as he flies to become the cream of the crop.
And that's all the flight puns I have today so
Strap in and get ready for the danger zone
because this is Top Gun
In the “Present Day” an unknown aircraft
is flying up in the clouds as Pilots: Maverick
and Goose & Cougar are up in their fighter
jets, on the intercept for a bogey with a
red star.
It’s a mystery that is quickly revealed
to be MiGs: Russian jet fighters in Indian
Ocean airspace.
A tense game of chicken commences as the American
jets scare off the Russian but one of the
Rooskies is on Cougar’s tail.
So Goose and Maverick scare off the Rooskies
with some fancy flying, Cougar has a mental
breakdown in the cockpit and when all the
flyboys land back on the carrier, Cougar is
called in talk to his commanding
and officer turns in his wings.
He’s out. But on the other hand
Goose and Maverick (a very apt name for a pilot) head
into the office and are sent to Topgun, Naval
Fighter Weapons School in Miramar, California.
It’s here where the pilots are taught dogfighting
and where we’re introduced to Commander
Mike who entices the pilots with dreams of
being the best at Topgun
And to say that Maverick wants to be top dog
at Topgun is an understatement.
Something that Ice Man is amused by.
Goose and Maverick go to a bar that night
where we learn more about Ice Man
He's an ice cold pilot, whose never
nervous and he's the best of the best.
After some unresolved tension with Iceman,
Maverick finds a chick he takes an interest
in.
Charlotte Blackwood or 'Charlie' and he tries to charm
her but she shoots him down hard.
But the next day at the academy, Charlie arrives
at Topgun to talk about American and Russian
jets more specifically how American jets
can’t do a negative G Push maneuver, something
that Maverick argues can be done since he
did it earlier.
In the first training exercise, Maverick & Goose
train with Jester, an instructor in a fast
plane, and after pulling a daring maneuver
Maverick gets missile lock on Jester (succeeding
the exercise albeit with a little bit of cheating).
On their way back to the hard deck,
Maverick decides to have a little fun
and buzzes the tower and he gets chewed
out for it by their commander.
The next day, Charlie runs into Maverick and
sets up a date.
Next thing you know: Shirtless volleyball,
not a lady in sight.
Reminds me of what Tarantino once said about
Topgun.
It is a story about a man's struggle with his own
homosexuality, it is! That's what Topgun is about man
Uhhhh more on that later in the comments
Anyways! Maverick heads to Charlie’s house and
they talk about Maverick’s history and his
experience against MiG fighters.
On their next training exercise, Goose and
Maverick are backed up by their wingman Hollywood.
Up against Viper and Jester.
Maverick spots Viper and chases after him
to engage, no longer backing up Hollywood.
Which ends with Maverick getting ‘tagged’
in the exercise – failing it.
After a shower, Viper tells Maverick that
he was impressed by his flying, but Maverick
shouldn’t have abandoned his wingman lest
he get screwed over.
Something that Ice Man makes a point to emphasize.
The next exercise that Maverick is in has
him flying against Ice Man, in a competition
to prove they are top dogs: chasing after
jets and trying to shoot them down though
while in pursuit, Ice Man pulls away and Maverick
gets stuck in a jet wash causing his plane
to go out of control and he has
to eject along with Goose.
But this ends tragically as Goose dies on
accident and Maverick is traumatized.
His guilt is made worse when at a board of
inquiry, Maverick is cleared of any wrongdoing
and at his next training exercise he chokes
in the cockpit and decides to quit.
After a talk with Charlie and Commander Viper,
Maverick has renewed confidence in himself
and goes to the Topgun graduation ceremony
where he and all of the other pilots are given
their assignments.
A high stakes emergency: a live fire engagement
with MiG hostiles in oceanic waters serving
as air support. For this assignment
Maverick is partnered with Merlin serving
as support to Ice Man & Hollywood who are
up in the air ready to engage the 2 enemy
MiG’s except: there aren’t 2 planes, but
4 enemy bogies but as soon as the American
pilots realize this, Hollywood spots a 5th
plane.
What happens next is this intense cat and
mouse game with Hollywood getting blasted
out of the sky by a MiG.
And after some fancy flying and good chemistry
between Maverick and Ice Man, they manage
to take down 4 of the MIGs causing the Russians
to run away.
Maverick and Ice Man are heroes on their return
and congratulate each other with the immortal line
You're dangerous. You can be my wingman any time"
"Bullsh**. You can be mine!
*Kissy noises and laughter*
and after the assignment, Maverick decides to
become an instructor at Topgun
Fastforward sometime later and Maverick reunites
with Charlie and the film ends with 2 jets
doing some sickass maneuvers.
MURICA.
That was Topgun ladies and gentlemen, I hope
that prepped you for Topgun Maverick coming
out in October.
I hope to see it in theaters and I hope ya’ll
have a fantastic day because with that being
said thank you so much for watching ladies
and gentlemen, if you enjoyed the video leave
a like down below and subscribe to get updated
on my latest uploads.
Until next time, over and out.